welcome to serious spoilers today i will
share a crime slash drama movie from
2019 titled
hustlers
spoilers ahead
watch and enjoy
in 2007 destiny begins her job at a
strip club
as the new girl she makes a little bit
of money but after having to pay out
multiple people at the club there's not
that much left over
she goes home to her grandmother who has
raised her since she was abandoned by
her mother as a child and uses the
little money she has left to help take
care of her
in the present day destiny is being
interviewed by elizabeth a reporter
working on an article about everything
that happened with the strippers
destiny tells her about meeting ramona
vega one day at the club she witnesses
ramona doing an incredible strip routine
and making dollars upon dollars
she follows her up to the roof where
she's smoking and asks if she can have a
light ramona wraps her in her fur coat
since it's cold and the two get to know
each other a bit ramona offers to help
destiny learn the craft of stripping and
learn how to make big money with the
help of diamond she teaches her the
moves but she also teaches her about the
way of the land what kind of men will
pay what and how to maximize profits
the two become very close and destiny
meets ramona's young daughter who she's
single-handedly taking care of
destiny takes after ramona and starts
doing very well financially able to take
care of her grandmother she has clients
buying her computers and taking
excellent care of her
one night usher comes into the club and
the dj plays usher songs and all the
girls including mercedes liz tracy to go
out and dance for him destiny says it
was one of the best times she ever had
then in 2008 the recession hits and hits
wall street especially hard
wall street types were the bread and
butter of the industry and now many of
them either have no money to spend or
spend much less
the club becomes a bit of a ghost town
destiny meets and starts dating a man
who quickly gets her pregnant and she
stops working at the club
in 2011 destiny gets into a screaming
breakup with her boyfriend and kicks him
out for good
now faced with providing for her
daughter and her grandmother destiny
calls her old client who bought her the
computer only to find he's now married
and can't take give her anything
she tries to get a job in retail but the
interviewer finds her resume
unimpressive
she reluctantly returns to the club but
finds it much different the club mom
explains that times have changed many of
her friends are gone now replace with
russian girls who will provide sexual
favors something the old girls didn't do
for cheaper than ever and business is
low there's less money to be made
destiny is in an extremely low place
when she runs into ramona and the two
happily reunite they got out to a diner
to catch up ramona tells her what she's
been up to ramona and mercedes had
gotten regular jobs in retail but the
money was barely enough and ramona's
boss is degrading to her one night at
the club ramona finds annabelle crying
alone in the dressing room
her family has disowned her after
finding out she works there ramona saw a
business opportunity to go fishing
since there was no business in the club
she would go and find men to bring
she recruits mercedes and annabelle and
the three of them would go to a bar find
an eligible man then ply him with drinks
and bring him back to the club where
they would run up his credit card and
keep a percentage of whatever he spends
this worked pretty well but sometimes
ramona would dose the man's drink with a
mix of ketamine and mdma and then get
him to the club and run up his credit
card ramona asks destiny if she wants in
she says yes as long as no one gets hurt
everything goes well
ramona destiny mercedes and annabelle
are making wads of cash
they end up needing to recruit more
girls to the team in order to handle all
the business
ramona has a lavish christmas party for
everyone and destiny brings her
grandmother
they all give each other presents and
laugh together a makeshift family but
soon around 2013 other girls start
copying their business plan at the club
ramona wonders why they have to cut the
clubs in on anything and decides instead
to instead begin working out of hotels
or other venues they control more money
but also less safety they have to
recruit even more girls who they can't
vet like the shifty dawn
ramona and destiny argue over methods
ramona will run up a guy's credit card
to the limit on the first night assuring
he'll never come back even though
destiny knows that man could have been a
repeat client because of this they burn
through their regulars and have to find
new potentially untrustworthy clients
one night destiny gets a panicked call
from mercedes a client on drugs jumped
off his roof and missed his pool landing
on the concrete destiny tries to reach
ramona but can't get a hold of her
destiny and annabelle go over and help
mercedes get the naked client into a car
and they drop him off at the hospital
destiny returns in full a trashy outfit
with blood on it to drop her daughter
off at school
after that full ordeal she returns home
to find her grandmother has passed away
at the funeral ramona holds destiny as
she cries elizabeth asks destiny if doug
was the last straw for her doug was a
genuinely nice guy who had been through
a terrible series of events his house
was destroyed in a disaster and his wife
abandoned him and his special needs
child
after the girls drug him and run up his
credit card he calls back pleading with
destiny to refund his card so he can pay
his mortgage
destiny begins to feel bad and ramona
rips the phone away from her calling her
an ungrateful [ __ ]
doug meanwhile reaches out to the police
one of the cards they racked up was a
corporate card and he has lost his job
they laugh him off initially but he has
evidence a recording of his phone call
with the girls the police pick up dawn
and flip her incredibly easily she wears
a wire and participates in a sting
operation
another client comes forward and
eventually the police have enough
evidence
they arrest destiny ramona mercedes and
annabelle
the police pressure destiny that if she
doesn't flip on the others she'll never
see her daughter again
once they're released ramona tells
destiny she's getting them a lawyer but
destiny tells her she took the deal for
her daughter ramona is furious at her
but mostly sad
the two hug and cry knowing this is the
end for them in their
pseudo-mother-daughter relationship and
ramona leaves her behind
after the article comes out destiny
calls elizabeth knowing she interviewed
ramona and wants to know all the
horrible things ramona said about her
but elizabeth tells her the truth when
she went to see ramona working at her
new regular job she still had a picture
of destiny in her wallet like a proud
mother destiny cries and elizabeth tells
her she should reach out to her
on screen we learned that destiny
avoided jail mercedes and annabelle got
probation and a few weekends in jail and
ramona got five years probation
the last thing we see is the four of
them joyfully dancing during their
heyday of the scheme
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler